the president appears to be on a
collision course with the law right now
his alleged lawyer Rudy Giuliani was
back on CNN last night and Rudy er than
ever he made a crazy appearance on Chris
Cuomo show this one if we didn't have
this on video it would almost be too
much to believe for the amount of false
reporting about this case it's
despicable sir mr. mayor in supporting
is saying that nobody in the campaign
had any contacts with Russia false
reporting is saying that there has been
no suggestion of any kind of collusion
between the campaign and any Russians
because now you have Paul Manafort
giving Paul data leading to this
coincidence you just misstated my
position I never said there was no
collusion between the campaign or
between people in the campaign United
States there is not a single bit of
evidence the president United States
committed the only crime you could admit
here conspired with the Russians to hack
the DNC really of course he never said
and nobody in the Trump administration
ever said any of the things they say all
the time but but there must be another
Rudy Giuliani out there who's been going
around saying there was no collusion
between Russia and the campaign is it
still the position of you and your
client that there was no collusion with
the Russians whatsoever on behalf of the
Trump campaign
correct correct so he did say it the
surest sign of how deeply screwed up
this administration is is that Rudy
Giuliani is still allowed to go on TV to
speak on their behalf go on Rudy the
president did not we said nobody had any
contact whatever concert nobody colluded
the guy running his campaign he didn't
say was already on an issue was the
convention he said he didn't he didn't
say nobody how would you know that
nobody in your camp he actually did say
that Rudy he said I nobody then he said
as far as I know senator did well as far
as he knows that's true Rudy Giuliani is
like a choose-your-own-adventure it's
just changing
but the truth is it doesn't matter what
a Rudy Guiliani says he's not the one
being investigated yet but what matters
is did the president say there was no
collusion between the Russians and his
campaign there was no collusion between
the Trump campaign and the Russian
people yeah at some point
rudy is gonna have to deny that Trump is
even the president but the important
thing in Giuliani's mind is that Robert
Muller put this thing to rest he puts
out the report and then we get and we
see what it has I've always seen this as
a false argument the idea of he's not
showing us what he has well it's not
over I'll let you do it but he's gonna
finish her enough we've answered all
this question over her enough it's how
much longer you gonna let me just put
out that your campaign chairman was
playing with the Russians but we don't
get that is what he's in we don't need a
special counsel to investigate a
campaign Jim oh boy
call Rudy someday he's gonna be in a
mental facility telling the nurses that
he used to be the mayor of New York and
they'll be like
so in the meantime we have new details
about Trump's former lawyer / friend
Michael Cohen according to The Wall
Street Journal and according to calling
himself in the lead-up to Trump's run
for president
Cohen hired a company to rig online
polls in his favor
you know these polls that you go on and
click which thing you want but Cohen
says the president directed him to juice
two polls a CNBC poll of America's top
business leaders and a Drudge Report
poll of Republican candidates for
president even those didn't work out not
only did he not win either of the polls
I think he didn't even crack the top 100
and the CNBC one the guy Cohen hired to
do this according to the Journal showed
up at Trump Tower looking for $50,000 he
was owed and when he did the report says
Cohen gave him a Walmart bag with 12 to
13 thousand dollars in cash and a boxing
glove he claimed had been worn by a
Brazilian MMA fighter as payment it's
like a scene out of the world's dumbest
heist movie it's ocean's chapter 11 and
so the goon Cohen hired is an IT guy
he's got a company's name is John gauger
there's not much about him online
but this audition tape he made trying to
get on Survivor
in 2005 kind of tells you all you need
to know in my line of business I deal
with people from around the globe on a
daily basis this has given me the
uncanny ability to make anybody like me
this will allow me to be the most loved
survivor contestant of all times and
maybe the most hated to
only the best people you know literally
everyone around Trump is a character
from a reality show and that is not even
the best part of the story so Cohen also
asked the guy while he was doing this to
set up a Twitter account called women
for Cohen this is a real account was
created back in 2016 it's for quote
women who love and support Michael Cohen
strong pit bull sex symbol no nonsense
basically : ass this guy
help me rig the election hey while
you're at it could you make people think
girls like me too because I love this I
click to see who is following this
account and some of the women for Cohen
are named John a Ted Elvis
Theodore Kevin and Sonny we also have
Steve Douglas Aaron Casillas Chris and
Bill and these are some of the things
they tweeted put that up in the screen
snazzy-looking and ready to mega
best-looking men award goes to heart
emoji we love you guys this has got to
be the saddest thing I ever heard of in
my life
we're like a week away from finding out
Michael Cohen had a burner phone he'd
used to send dirty texts to himself I
may have underestimated Michael clay he
might be a lot more hilarious than I
ever imagined hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel and I
am not allowed to eat this cookie until
you click the subscribe button so please
click now I'm hungry